Add configuration for check-ssm-parameters action (#50)
ClipboardHealth/actions: .github/actions/check-ssm-parameters/README.md

     _       ____   _____   ___    ___    _   _           ____     ___     ____   ____  
    / \     / ___| |_   _| |_ _|  / _ \  | \ | |         |  _ \   / _ \   / ___| / ___| 
   / _ \   | |       | |    | |  | | | | |  \| |  _____  | | | | | | | | | |     \___ \ 
  / ___ \  | |___    | |    | |  | |_| | | |\  | |_____| | |_| | | |_| | | |___   ___) |
 /_/   \_\  \____|   |_|   |___|  \___/  |_| \_|         |____/   \___/   \____| |____/ 
                                                                                        
## Description

> On every deployment, validate the SSM parameters in the task definition exist before we run a deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate if the SSM parameters in the task definition exist.
This is useful when you need to deploy an application and you must ensure that all secrets are there and that no timeouts on code-deploy will surprise you.
```

## Inputs

| parameter | description | required | default |
| - | - | - | - |
| ssm_parameter_list | Alternative multiline list of SSM parameters to check for | `false` |  |
| task_definition_path | Path of task definition to check for SSM parameters in, required if `ssm_parameter_list` is empty | `false` |  |

## Outputs

| parameter | description |
| - | - |
| missing_parameters | The list of missing SSM parameters that need to be created |

## Runs

> This action is a `node14` action.

Reviewer: It is version 16 according to `action.yml`.
